Add not on Zone-Tenant relationship (#475)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/features/multi-tenancy/thread-context.mdx

This information is used throughout the SAP Cloud SDK to provide features like tenant and principal isolation, JWT verification and authorization against other systems and services.
To ensure different tenants and users are properly isolated in an application, this information is always limited to the thread it was created on unless it is explicitly passed on by the application (see [Propagating the Thread Context](#running-asynchronous-operations)).

:::info
Multi-tenancy describes the access of different, technically separated user-groups to the same instance of an application.
These can be called Tenants (e.g. in the context of XSUAA) or Zones (e.g. in the context of IAS).

> The SAP Cloud SDK for Java uses the term _Tenant_ to abstract over both of them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SAP Cloud SDK for Java uses the term _Tenant_ to refer to both XSUAA Tenants and IAS Zones.
```

This information is used throughout the SAP Cloud SDK to provide features like tenant and principal isolation, JWT verification and authorization against other systems and services.
To ensure different tenants and users are properly isolated in an application, this information is always limited to the thread it was created on unless it is explicitly passed on by the application (see [Propagating the Thread Context](#running-asynchronous-operations)).

:::info

> The term _Tenant_ is a concept used by the XSUAA Service on SAP BTP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The term _Tenant_ is a concept used by the XSUAA Service on SAP BTP to distinguish between different subaccounts of a multi-tenant application. 
```

> The term _Tenant_ is a concept used by the XSUAA Service on SAP BTP to distinguish between different subaccounts of a multi-tenant application. 

Reviewer 2: Unfortunately, what _Tenant_ refers to is rather dependent on the context.

Reviewer: That was also my question. If they are really the same.

A _Tenant_ maps 1:1 to the multi-tenant application's subaccount where it is subscribed.

An extension of the _Tenant_ concept is the _Zone_ concept introduced by the IAS Service on SAP BTP.

> It allows you to group multiple subaccounts into a single zone.

Reviewer 2: While true, this is not necessarily the intended purpose of zones. It's more general, to allow for a shared tenant concept between different SAP solutions.

> For development purposes, there's currently no difference between _Zone_ and _Tenant_.

Reviewer 2: Not so sure if there is no difference, on a technical level there are definitely cases where it might differ depending on the configuration.
